Fix missing link in readme (#6958)
qmk/qmk_firmware: readme.md

* [See the official documentation on docs.qmk.fm](https://docs.qmk.fm)

> The docs are hosted on [Gitbook](https://beta.docs.qmk.fm/) and [GitHub](/docs/) (they are synced). You can request changes by making a fork and [pull request](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pulls), or by clicking the "suggest an edit" link on any page of the docs.

Reviewer: The live docs aren't actually using Gitbook.

```suggestion
The docs are powered by [Docsify](https://docsify.js.org/) and hosted on [GitHub](/docs/). You can request changes by making a fork and [pull request](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pulls), or by clicking the "Edit Document" link at the bottom of any page.
```
